Updated Devs 101 with more details on dev experience with Avo (#258)
avohq/docs: pages/implementation/devs-101.mdx

object when initializing Avo Functions SDK, so that any time an Avo Function calls an analytics 
logging method (e.g. logEvent, setUserProperties, etc), you can govern exactly what analytics 
SDK method should be called.

In the <Link passHref href="/workspace"><a>Avo Tracking Plan</a></Link> you can configure which analytics <Link passHref href="/workspace/tracking-plan/events#a-nameactionsa-actions"><a>actions</a></Link> should be triggered with an Avo Function (for example you might want to update user properties or log revenue along with logging an event), and the Avo Functions 
will handle calling all the relevant Destination Interface methods. All you have to do is call the Avo Function in your 
code base and pass in type safe key-value pairs, and the Avo Function will take care of the rest.

Learn more technical details about <Link passHref href="/implementation/avo-functions-overview"><a>Avo Functions here</a></Link>.

### Do events flow through Avo servers?

No. None of your events ever go through Avo servers. They go directly from your devices (whether that's 
a front-end client or a server) to the analytics destination.

> > This is compatible to Segment's "device mode". With Segment, you can choose between <Link passHref href="https://segment.com/docs/guides/intro-impl/#connection-modes"><a>_Cloud-mode_ or _Device-mode_</a></Link>:
> > - In _Cloud-mode_, your events go through Segment servers. Your devices send the events to the Segment cloud (aka the Segment Servers) and the Segment cloud sends them to the analytics destinations.
> > - In _Device-mode_ the events go directly from your devices (whether it's a front end client or a server) to the analytics destination.
> >In this regard, Avo works like Segment's _Device-mode_.

Author: ```suggestion
> 💡 This sometimes called "device mode". With CDPs, you can choose between <Link passHref href="https://segment.com/docs/guides/intro-impl/#connection-modes"><a>_Cloud-mode_ or _Device-mode_</a></Link>:
> - In _Cloud-mode_, your events go through the CDP servers. Your devices send the events to the CDP cloud (aka the CDP Servers) and the CDP cloud sends them to the analytics destinations.
> - In _Device-mode_ the events go directly from your devices (whether it's a front end client or a server) to the analytics destination.
> In this regard, Avo works like _Device-mode_.
```

## Avo Inspector: Tracking Observability

### What is Avo Inspector?

> Avo Inspector is a tracking observability solution that's easy to install. Avo Inspector analyzes tracking calls made by your app and shows an audit in the web dashboard. It gives you an instant audit of your current state of tracking, 
> and an ongoing observability going forward.

Author: ```suggestion
Avo Inspector is a tracking observability solution that's easy to install. Avo Inspector analyzes tracking calls made by your app and provides an overview of them in the Inspector dashboard.

With Inspector, you get an instant audit of your current state of tracking, and an ongoing tracking observability going forward.
```

import Link from '../../components/Link';

> Avo offers three validation types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avo offers three ways to validate your tracking implementation:
```

Technical or non-technical people can define analytics event schemas in the <Link passHref href="/workspace"><a>Avo Tracking Plan</a></Link>, 
and you can generate human readable type safe code based on that. The days of unstructured 
and outdated tracking plan spreadsheets and Jira tickets are over 🥳 So are the days of brittle 
analytics implementation you have to revisit to fix again and again and again 😌

### How do Avo Functions work?

Avo Functions are type safe analytics wrappers that can work with any analytics tool you already 
use or plan on using, whether it's any of the third-party event logging SDKs (e.g. 
Google Analytics 4, Segment, Rudderstack, mParticle, Snowplow, Amplitude, Mixpanel, Pendo, 
etc) or your home made API.

The Avo Functions have a <Link passHref href="/implementation/destinations"><a>Destination Interface</a></Link> 
that you have full control over how you implement. You provide a simple Destination Interface 
object when initializing Avo Functions, so that any time an Avo Function calls an analytics 
logging method (e.g. logEvent, setUserProperties, etc), you can govern exactly what analytics 
SDK method should be called.

> In the <Link passHref href="/workspace"><a>Avo Tracking Plan</a></Link> you can configure which analytics actions 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the <Link passHref href="/workspace"><a>Avo Tracking Plan</a></Link> you can configure which analytics  <Link passHref href="/workspace/tracking-plan/events#a-nameactionsa-actions"><a> actions </a></Link>
```

should be triggered with an Avo Function, and the Avo Functions 
will handle calling all the relevant Destination Interface methods. All you have to do is call the Avo Function in your 
code base and pass in type safe key-value pairs, and the Avo Function will take care of the rest.

Learn more technical details about <Link passHref href="/implementation/avo-functions-overview"><a>Avo Functions here</a></Link>.

### Do events flow through Avo servers?

No. None of your events ever go through Avo servers. They go directly from your devices (whether that's 
a front-end client or a server) to the analytics destination.

This is compatible to Segment's "device mode". With Segment, you can choose 
between <Link passHref href="https://segment.com/docs/guides/intro-impl/#connection-modes"><a>_Cloud-mode_ or _Device-mode_</a></Link>:
- In _Cloud-mode_, your events go through Segment servers. Your devices send the events to the 
Segment cloud (aka the Segment Servers) and the Segment cloud sends them to the analytics destinations.
- In _Device-mode_ the events go directly from your devices (whether it's a front end client 
or a server) to the analytics destination.

> In this regard, Avo works like Segment's _Device-mode_.

Reviewer: I'm wondering if this is too much detail on Segment's cloud vs device mode. My main concern is that people will somehow read this as Segment (and Segment's device-mode) being a required tool for using Avo.

Reviewer 2: Maybe if we move it into 

> this thingy

it will make more sense?

Author: Interesting. Right. I think this is helpful context, but we can tweak it to focus less on Segment and call it CDPs.

Author: Updated.

### How do I send data into the Inspector?

You can send data into Inspector three ways:

1.  <a href="#inspector-sdks">Inspector SDKs</a>
2.  <a href="#connect-with-cdps-and-analytics-platforms">Connect with CDPs and analytics platforms</a>
3.  <a href="#inspector-api">Inspector API (<Link passHref href="/help/troubleshooting"><a>contact us to get access</a></Link>)</a>

#### Inspector SDKs

The Inspector SDK can be plugged into your existing tracking – independent of whether 
you're using the Avo Functions or not.

##### Inspector SDK with your existing tracking

The Inspector SDK is a stand-alone SDK which you can install with your package manager.
You can use the Inspector SDK whether or not you adopt Avo Functions, by plugging the 
Inspector SDK into the call site of your existing tracking. Most code bases 
have some sort of a wrapper around calling their analytics SDKs, and that's where you 
plug the Inspector SDK.

##### Inspector SDK with Avo Functions

Initialize the Avo Functions SDK with an instance of the Inspector SDK.

#### Connect with CDPs and analytics platforms

You can pipe your analytics data into the Inspector API via your CDPs or analytics providers:

> - Segment: Set Inspector up via Segment Functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Segment: <Link passHref href="/workspace/connect-inspector-to-segment"><a> Set Inspector up via Segment Functions</a></Link>```

- Mixpanel: Coming soon.
- mParticle: Coming soon.
- Rudderstack: Coming soon.

> Reach out to support@avo.sh for early access to any of the platforms comping soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reach out to support@avo.sh for early access to any of the platforms coming soon.
```

Reviewer 2: Did not know that comping is a thing

Author: lol
